{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11700\viewh9040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Gavin Mack\
Kyle Cilia\
P6\
\
\
Q1: Force 5 utilized this.flock.dna.values[17]. It affected how compact the flocks are when flying around. Lower values in this.flock.dna.values[17] would result in a more compact flock, giving it a lower "field of view" when searching for food. A higher value would give it a better field of view allowing it to search for food more effectively.  Force 6 exerted a higher lunging force and we added a lower multiplier on both vectors.This allowed all flocks to accelerate faster towards food when seen. Force 7 utilized this.flock.dna.values[14]. The higher the value on this force the more the flock \'93wiggled\'94 as it was flying around. The more the flock "wiggled" the better it was at searching for food around it since it would "see" the food as it maneuvered around. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Q2:\'a0Our fitness functions work by picking a winner based on aesthetic expressions such as flock power, flaprate, wing width, and wing length. The first finds the flock with the greatest combined wingLength+wingWidth and returns it as the fourth winner. The second function finds the flock with the greatest combined power+flapRate and returns it as the fifth winner. We keep the first three winners as the top three food eaters. After several generations, the flocks have not evolved very much to fit the desired outcomes, ie high flapRate, power, wingLength, and wingWidth. However, this is to be expected since we only choose 1 out of 5 winners with each of these functions and we kept the rest calculated through whoever had the greatest food. We could potentially outperform the evolutionary process if we were to adjust flock genomes by hand.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Q3: Experimenting with only mutation, we found that the flocks converged to all look relatively similar in under ten generations. Conversely, the only crossover experiments gave us wildly different behavior. The flocks as a whole were much faster than in the only mutation experiments, and didn't seem to be converging to any one type of flock. The mixed experiments gave us behavior more similar to the crossover experiments. However, every few generations we would see two flocks generated that looked or behaved nearly identical. In these cases, when we generated the next generation with crossover checked the flocks' behaviors and appearances would usually diverge again.}